README and notebook naming+links updates (#176)
opendatahub-io/llama-stack-demos: demos/rag_agentic/README.md

This folder contains the containerfile to build a user interface based on the playground UI provided by llama-stack. The playground UI is a Streamlit application that provides an interactive interface for testing and experimenting with language models.
For more information, visit: https://llama-stack.readthedocs.io/en/latest/playground

> # Building an Intelligent Operations Agent for OpenShift

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Demo Scenario: Building an Intelligent Operations Agent for our OpenShift at Parasol Insurance
```

Reviewer 2: @MichaelClifford A bit of a naive question here, if we are taking Parasol Insurance as our main user story as we write it in the title `# Demo Scenario: Building an Intelligent Operations Agent for our OpenShift Clusters at Parasol Insurance`, doesn't it mean all the rest of the notebooks should align with Parasol? Or is it just the new level 6 notebook is using Parasol?

We are building this agent through a series of focused demonstrations, each progressively adding more sophisticated capabilities. The following notebooks illustrate this incremental development:

## Notebook Overview
 *  **Scenario**
    Our operations team manages a growing fleet of OpenShift clusters and often deals with scattered documentation, constant incidents, and repetitive troubleshooting tasks. To reduce cognitive load and improve response time, we’ve been asked to build an advanced agent that integrates RAG, Openshift Container Platform (OCP), with the teams slack.

    *  **Product vision:**
        1. Chat functionality.
        2. Can check internal documentation for troubleshooting.
        3. Can search external documentation for additional information
        4. Predict potential disruptions based on local weather forecasts.
        5. Can interact with openshift and monitor pods.
        6. Analyzes openshift pod logs via MCP, summarize potential issues, retrieves solutions to errors using internal docs, and can notify team via Slack.

> 

Reviewer: This is repetitive, but also  slightly different from he above. Can you remove this?

1.  **`Level1_foundational_RAG.ipynb`:**

>     * **Focus:** Demonstrates the foundational RAG component, showcasing how the agent can retrieve information from our internal knowledge base to answer queries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * **Focus:** Demonstrates the foundational RAG component, showcasing how to use llama stack to retrieve information from our internal knowledge base to answer queries.
```
